The evening river has so many summer charms
We dive into a mirror of the peach colored clouds
And when we finish, then we'll go to do workouts
So that ladies would be dreaming to touch us
August is dying among puffy clouds
The diesel «Ikar*" will spread its wings tomorrow
(*Ikarus - Hungarian busses popular in the post-soviet countries)
And it will carry us to stratospheric and prodigal cities
That gonna obey us someday
And the all best classmates
They will regret it someday
That under the bliss skies of Cherkaschyna
They did not make out with us
And the all best classmates
They will regret it someday
That under the bliss skies of Cherkaschyna,
They did not make out with us
Night fell down and the cats came out
And we perfumed ourselves like teachers' sons
We go together to these ruthless discos
Tasty and defenseless, like "Artek" wafers
But our voyage will turn us into Mohicans
And Venus and Titan will obey us
And all the cats from stratospheric and prodigal cities
They will meow at us one day
And the all best classmates
They will regret it someday
That under the bliss skies of Cherkaschyna,
They did not make out with us
And the all best classmates
They will regret it someday
That under the bliss skies of Cherkaschyna,
They did not make out with us